I'm going to rape you, I'm fucking you
to structure the part had bread in the
TV camera that is already in the queue of
I travel the ass cheeks
Skinny gets interned red by dreams
dirty
yes
more than I do you feel that with a
knife in the streets of which 3
but that yes no
could be a front draw on the
slap
that means that the classes
and you are not going to have sex with a mine and
he's going to put you in balls
and also through that
[Music]
abused
I 'm going to make you shit
at that time
efe
or I'll also do you shit
and killing everything counts true
[Applause]
[Music]
bogado always or that happens of the
Barrabrava now has the stature
Bocabrava mouth in the bonbon and
I was scared I'll take another
seat